Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application-layer protocol that allows for the transmission of hypermedia documents
 like HTML files over the World Wide Web. It's the foundation of data communication on the web, allowing browsers to
 retrieve web pages from servers and interact with web applications.
HTTP is a client-server protocol that uses the request/response protocol and runs on top of the TCP/IP family of
protocols. In HTTP, the client sends a request message to the server, which then collects the requested data and sends
it back to the client. The connection is then terminated, and the client must re-establish the connection if they
want more data from the server.
HTTP has four versions: HTTP/0.9, HTTP/1.0, HTTP/1.1, and HTTP/2.0. The most commonly used HTTP methods are
POST, GET, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE, which correspond to create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations, respectively.




HTTP defines these standard status codes that can be used to convey the results of a client’s request. The status codes are divided into five categories.

1xx: Informational – Communicates transfer protocol-level information.
2xx: Success – Indicates that the client’s request was accepted successfully.
200 OK,201 Created,202 Accepted,

3xx: Redirection – Indicates that the client must take some additional action in order to complete their request.
301 Moved Permanently,302 Found-The URL of the requested resource has been changed temporarily. The new URL is given by
the Location field in the response. This response is only cacheable if indicated by a Cache-Control or Expires header field.

4xx: Client Error – This category of error status codes points the finger at clients.
400 Bad Request-The server could not understand the request due to incorrect syntax. The client should NOT repeat the
request without modifications.
401 Unauthorized- Indicates that the request requires user authentication information.
The client MAY repeat the request with a suitable Authorization header field
403 Forbidden- 	Unauthorized request. The client does not have access rights to the content.
Unlike 401, the client’s identity is known to the server.

5xx: Server Error – The server takes responsibility for these error status codes.
500 Internal Server Error - The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
502 Bad Gateway - The server got an invalid response while working as a gateway to get the response needed to handle
the request.
503 Service Unavailable - The server is not ready to handle the request.
504 Gateway Timeout - The server is acting as a gateway and cannot get a response in time for a request.