Whenever you visit a page on the web, your computer uses the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) to
download that page from another computer somewhere on the Internet.

1: Direct browser to URL- The user either types a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) in the browser

2: Browser looks up IP- URLs into browsers, like "khanacademy.org" and "wikipedia.org". Those domain names map to IP
addresses, the true location of the domain's computers. That's handled by the Domain Name System.
IP addresses aren't particularly human-friendly, though. Who wants to memorize an address like 74.125.20.113?
The domain name system (DNS) gives us humans an easy way to identify where we want to go on the Internet
domain name like "www.wikipedia.org", and our computer connects us to the computers powering Wikipedia:

3.The browser uses a DNS resolver to map the domain to an IP address:

3: Browser sends HTTP request
Once the browser identifies the IP address of the computer hosting the requested URL, it sends an HTTP request.

4. Step 4: Host sends back HTTP response
   Once the host computer receives the HTTP request, it sends back a response with both the content and
   metadata about it.

Step 5: The browser renders the response
The browser now has all the information it needs to render the document requested.

GET /index.html HTTP/1.1
Host: www.example.com
The first word is the HTTP verb: "GET". There are other verbs for other actions on the web, like submitting
form data ("POST").The next part specifies the path: "/index.html". The host computer stores the content of the entire
website, so the browser needs to be specific about which page to load.
The final part of the first line specifies the protocol and the version of the protocol: "HTTP/1.1".
The second line specifies the domain of the requested URL. That's helpful in case a host computer stores the content for multiple websites

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
protocol and version, "HTTP/1.1".,HTTP status code, and in this case, it's 200. That code represents a successful retrieval of the document ("OK").

Headers in HTTP response: The content-type tells the browser what type of document it's sending back.
A common type on the web is "text/html", as all webpages are HTML text files,images ("image/png"), videos
("video/mpeg"), script ("application/javascript")
The content-length gives the length of the document in bytes, how long a file will take to download.

Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8
Content-Length: 208

Each domain name is made up of parts:
third-level-domain.second-level-domain.top-level-domain
There are a limited set of top level domains (TLDs), TLDs,".com", ".org", and ".edu".
The second level domain is unique to the company or organization that registers it, like "wikipedia" or "khanacademy".
The third level domain is also called a subdomain, because it's owned by the same group and that URL often directs
you to a subset of the website, like "m.wikipedia.org" (mobile-optimized Wikipedia) or "es.khanacademy.org"

Behind the scenes, each domain name maps to an IP address. When we type a URL in the address bar
of our browser, the computer has to figure out its IP address.

If you've visited a website once, there's a fairly good chance you'll visit it again. That's why computers
keep their own local cache of domain name to IP mappings
Every ISP provides a domain name resolving service and keeps its own cache. Perhaps you haven't visited a
particular website, but your neighbor just did, so the ISP can lookup the IP from their visit.
There are domain name servers scattered around the globe that are responsible for keeping track of a
subset of the millions of domain names.
Root name servers → TLD name servers → Host name servers.

The ISP starts by asking the root name servers: "hey, which name server knows about .org domains?"
The root name server responds with the IP address of a TLD name server that tracks ".org" domains.
Next, the ISP asks the TLD name server: "so, who knows about wikipedia domains?" The TLD name server
responds with the IP address of a host name server that contains the "wikipedia" records.
Finally, the ISP asks the host name server: "okay, so where's www.wikipedia.org?" The host name server
responds with an exact IP address.
The ISP sends the IP address back to the requesting computer, and now our computer can successfully
connect with the computer powering that domain.